README.md, before:

## Overview
Simtix is a ticketing and payment simulation application implemented using the microservice architecture.

## Tech Stack
### Client
| System Entity | Frameworks/Tools |
|---------------|------------------|
| API           |                  |
| Database      | PostgreSQL       |

### Ticketing
| System Entity | Frameworks/Tools |
|---------------|------------------|
| API           |                  |
| Database      | PostgreSQL       |

### Payment
| System Entity | Frameworks/Tools |
|---------------|------------------|
| API           |                  |
| Database      | PostgreSQL       |

## Authors
| Name                 | GitHub                                            |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| Noel Simbolon        | [noelsimbolon](https://github.com/noelsimbolon)   |
| Rachel Gabriela Chen | [chaerla](https://github.com/chaerla)             |
| Jeffrey Chow         | [JeffreyChow19](https://github.com/JeffreyChow19) |

Commit message:

chore: use same network and conf nginx

README.md, after:

## Overview
Simtix is a ticketing and payment simulation application implemented using the microservice architecture.

## How to Run?
### Create the network if `simtix` network doesn't exist
```bash
make create-network
```
### Run the services
```bash
make
```

## Tech Stack
### Client
| System Entity | Frameworks/Tools |
|---------------|------------------|
| API           |                  |
| Database      | PostgreSQL       |

### Ticketing
| System Entity | Frameworks/Tools |
|---------------|------------------|
| API           |                  |
| Database      | PostgreSQL       |

### Payment
| System Entity | Frameworks/Tools |
|---------------|------------------|
| API           |                  |
| Database      | PostgreSQL       |

## Authors
| Name                 | GitHub                                            |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| Noel Simbolon        | [noelsimbolon](https://github.com/noelsimbolon)   |
| Rachel Gabriela Chen | [chaerla](https://github.com/chaerla)             |
| Jeffrey Chow         | [JeffreyChow19](https://github.com/JeffreyChow19) |
